Remove future-facing language from docs (WIP) (#32020)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/internals/json-format.mdx

## State Representation

> Because state does not  have any significant metadata not covered by the common values representation ([described below](#values-representation)), the `<state-representation>` uses the following format:

Author: ```suggestion
Because state does not have any significant metadata not included in the common [values representation](#values-representation), the `<state-representation>` uses the following format:
```

  "terraform_version": "version.string"
}
```

> The extra wrapping object is intentional. This approach allows us to extend this format if required.

Reviewer: I don't think we really need to mention this at all; it doesn't really matter _why_ this wrapping object is here, only that it is. :thinking:

Author: I'm glad you said that! I'm going to remove this then.

> The extra wrapping object is intentional. This approach allows us to extend this format if required.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The extra wrapping object is intentional. This approach allows us to extend this format if required.

Author: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
The extra wrapping object is intentional. This approach allows us to extend this format if required.
```

## Checks Representation

> ~> **Warning:** The JSON representation of "checks" is experimental

Author: ```suggestion
~> **Warning:** The JSON representation of checks is experimental
```

      // "kind" specifies what kind of checkable object this is. Different
      // kinds of object will have different additional properties inside the
      // address object, but all kinds include both "kind" and "to_display".

>       // The two valid kinds are "resource" and "output_value".

Reviewer: The fact that we have the overall warning that everything here is subject to change in future makes this moot right now, but I think this is a potential example of the category of things where it's worth being explicit that the set of valid values isn't closed because anyone developing against this format should take that into account and make sure their code will do something reasonable if it encounters a value it wasn't built to accept.

I wonder if there's a different way we can talk about enumerations that are open to future expansion without it sounding like a promise to do something. :thinking:

Author: yeah i need to think on this a bit. I see where you're coming from and I feel like what we need is official language to this effect. I'm going to make a ticket on my backlog so I don't forget about this.
